talk to me about the power of doing the
work of work ethic why does it matter
you know it's interesting sometimes it
happens without it but i don't think it
sustains without it um and what i
learned is
for the things that i'm wanting and
believing
i just have to do everything possible
that's within my power and there's some
things that aren't within my power and
that's where i trust god but what is it
within my power it's
whether it's getting the proper sleep
rather it's learning your lines whether
it's researching the character whether
it's watching movies for reference
rather it's picking a subject matter a
person to study or
working out or eating healthy or you
know whatever it is that you need that's
going to
make you better at what you want to do
it's doing every single bit of that you
can possibly do and going above you know
not just doing
just enough to get by but going above
and then after that it's like if it's
supposed to happen it will happen and
chances are if you do the work it likely
will happen
[Music]
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
our goal with this show and company is
to introduce you to the people and ideas
that will help you actually execute on
your dreams all right today's guest is
an actress and best-selling author who's
famous for her roles in such high
profile films as friday dc's superhero
comedy shazam anchorman 2 the love guru
alongside comedy legend mike myers and
the number one box office smash stomp
the yard for her amazing star making
turn opposite samuel l jackson in the
unnerving eaves bayou she received an
naacp award and much critical acclaim
making it easy to see why she has
continued to get cast in coveted roles
since she was a child in addition to her
work in film she starred in over 40
national commercials countless music
videos with massive stars like will
smith 50 cent and tyrese and an
unbelievable string of critically
acclaimed television shows including
minority report house law order and
californication she's also launched her
own production company freedom bridge
entertainment and with her sister the
greater good foundation aimed at
enhancing the quality of life for all
young women
and as if all of that wasn't already
enough she's also written a best-selling
book with her husband about celibacy
called the weight
so please help me in welcoming the star
of the upcoming thriller the intruder
the incredibly talented multi-hyphenate
megan goode
[Applause]
thank you
thank you i am super excited to have you
your career has already been long and it
feels like you're just getting started
which is extraordinary and i love what
you're doing on the foundation side and
the thing that stopped me in my tracks
when i was researching i went to your
instagram page yeah and at the top there
is a quote and i would like to read that
quote
because i could feel this in every
interview you gave everything that you
do like i feel this resonating then it
says
some women are lost in the fire some
women are built from it
what is the fire what do you mean by
that and how do we make sure that we're
one of the ones that's built by it
instead of getting lost
the fire has been a lot a lot of
different things um
one of them i grew up in a predominantly
white neighborhood where for some reason
there was just a lot of racism
um i had teachers who told me that i
wasn't going to be successful at what i
wanted to accomplish she told me i
wasn't pretty enough i wasn't talented
enough
um and then finally in breaking into the
business it was a number of years before
i got my first opportunity
and um at one point i had lost my work
permit and i couldn't act for a year and
that's when i really knew that it was
something that i wanted to pursue for
the rest of my life and then even you
know along the journey there's a lot of
times where i've been told outright you
know we want to give you this role but
we can't because you're black and you
know that that's not going to sell
overseas but we'll give you the best
friend rule and we'll beef it up for you
um there's been times where you know
kind of making that transition from
child actor to adult actor it's a very
hard transition for anybody and a lot of
people don't get to the other side so
for me it was like okay how do i make
that transition and so i kind of took
the sexy girl route where i kind of
became like the sex kitten and after a
while that actually began to hurt me
because people didn't take me seriously
um they thought that there wasn't any
more to me than just the outward
appearance
and it's just like all of it it's it's
been a
long journey but a good journey you know
and i think i guess how you
let the fire build you as you let it
make you more determined every time
someone told me no i was like okay
i'll show you you know i'll show you in
love but i'll show you i got it why do
you think so many people get lost in the
fire because i i'll agree with you i
think the standard path is to have
difficulties come your way yeah they
tear you apart they break your sense of
self-esteem self-worth
but why why does that happen and what
what's the like sort of daily practice
that one can do to get out of that yeah
i think um
i think it happens because we all have
insecurities you know and we're not
perfect and we have things that we
struggle with internally and personally
and then when people point those things
out it becomes even more intense and so
i think um
you know it's it's a journey for for
every person but i think you just have
to keep fighting to get on the other
side of it and that has to be the only
option there is no other option and so
you know
it's just about each season pressing
forward you know now that's really
interesting it's the only option you
have to make it the only option so
i love that i think that's really
powerful um you work a lot with young
women
um you work a lot with women in prisons
which i found really really interesting
how do you help them with that because i
think if if people could really adopt
that notion of i am going to be
successful no matter what and you know
i'm going to keep focused on that yeah
that it would be a pretty radical change
so how do you help them with that back
sort of backing themselves into a corner
essentially yeah i mean i think i'm a
believer that everything we go through
in life is for a reason and there's
things that happen that you're like god
why would this happen to me why would i
have to go through this and what i've
learned is that the reason we go through
it is so that we can help someone else
so you can look someone in the eye and
say i've been through that and they're
like no you don't know and it's like no
i know i've been there you know and i
think the most important thing in life
is giving back to each other and helping
each other
um so for me you know speaking with
women in prison
rather it's you know younger girls older
women
it's really about pouring into them and
letting them know that there is
something around the corner no matter
what they've been through no matter
what's been done to them no matter what
they've done or where they've been
that god always has more for them and
actually the things that they've been
through that are negative he will turn
around and use for their positive but
they have to have the mindset and the
perception to try to see it that way and
begin to do the work so they can meet
god halfway and he does the rest from
there now talk to me you're so driven
and obviously pushing yourself to be
better all the time and you know we all
get to watch you improve and grow every
day every role
so how do you
take that yin and yang of
love yourself exactly right now today
exactly as you are yeah and yet also
it's okay to strive and want more and to
push yourself to be better yeah i mean
for me i i always want to continue to
learn i think that all of us will be
learning to the day that we die and i
want to be the best version of myself
and i'm always on a journey to that i've
gotten to a place of like i'm good with
who i am i'm great about where i am
right now in life but i want more i want
when i leave
to know that i used it all up that i did
everything that i was supposed to do
that i touched or impact or allowed
myself to be touched or impact in every
single way that i was supposed to
because
you know life isn't just short it's also
very precious and
while we're here i think it's important
to literally be
everything that we were called to and
to walk away one day
with them there being nothing left you
know
leaving it all out on the field
basically that's amazing
i want to talk about your process for
learning so that's really intriguing so
looking at your career you've never been
afraid to try something new to break out
of the confines not let people put you
in a box
and i love that you start out feeling
like i don't know if i can do this which
is where i think we all live most of the
time with all the things that we want to
do it's just that most people because
they're so afraid that they won't be
able to do it they never take that first
step right what advice do you have for
people like what's your learning process
what are the walls you ran into how did
you put yourself in a position even to
run into a wall right could you begin to
ask like where do you start is it a
google search is it calling a friend
like
what is that i know nothing about it i
just know i need to learn about it yeah
what's that process i think it's it's
it's kind of just what you think it's
like okay let me google the information
let me ask a friend let me read a book
let me see what this person did like how
did jennifer aniston do it how did you
know reese witherspoon do it like
following and looking at the stories and
following kind of the yellow brick road
and then putting it together and what it
means for you
like with directing
i literally walked on that side
petrified and honestly every time i
direct like i just directed my first
movie in july and
every single time i walk on a set for
the first time i feel like i'm gonna
throw up i'm like i have no idea what
i'm doing
and then it starts to just come to me
the more i trust myself and i trust my
instincts and whenever i get scared and
i'm like okay is this the right thing to
do i just go you know what i'm just
going to commit to this is the right
thing to do and if it's wrong i'll
figure it out and if it is wrong it's
like okay now i learned and let's keep
going um and so
for me obviously courage is is not not
being afraid it's being petrified and
doing it anyways and so that's really
try to how i try to live my life is
just keep pressing forward and trusting
my instincts because what i do know
is my instincts are unique and they're
mine and nobody else has them so the
more i trust what i put into the world i
know the more i know i'm doing what i'm
supposed to be doing
how do you handle
grief in all of this so a door gets
slammed in your face and sometimes it's
gotta suck at a really real level how do
you process through that and get moving
again
for me in the beginning it was like very
devastating and frustrating and then
i just fixed my mind to just say like
what's for me is for me
no one can take it from me and what's
for someone else is from someone else
for someone else and i can't take it
from them and that's how i taught myself
very early to not compete with other
women and just you know i want to see
them win and what belongs to them i
can't take it and vice versa and so
um in terms of the grief of
you know the frustration of certain
things not working out or not being fair
i just fixed my mind to say okay so
sometimes these things aren't fair and i
have a choice i can be mad i can be
upset i can be hurt
i could be
you know jilted have a chip on my
shoulder or i can choose to say
let me just do what i can do to change
things for the little girl behind me let
me continue to push forward and be very
thankful and happy for the things that i
do get a chance to do because i could be
doing something else you know i could be
working somewhere where i'm not happy
and not doing the things that are really
in my heart and not following my
passions but i get to follow my passion
every day
so to be grateful and to be humble and
to have my perspective really be about i
am thankful to do this you know this is
exciting and
um
to not get upset if it was mine i would
have it you know and so i've just
changed my mind about how i look at it
and how i think about it and of course
there's those roles you going forward
you're like i really wanted that
but i just choose to say you know what
i'm going to get really excited for who
did get it you know and get excited for
the thing that's mine that's coming so i
love that you say that's a choice yeah
that you choose to be excited for the
other person i think that's really
strong
your attitude and the way that you carry
yourself and all that make you a hero to
a lot of a lot of people first of all
and then a lot of young women especially
you've said that your mom is your hero
oh yeah why
mommy
she's amazing sorry okay um
she just
you know she's done so much
you know she
was married when she was 19 and my older
brother
um
he stopped breathing when he was a baby
and he got brain damage
and she raised him by herself
and then she got
remarried to my sister and i's father
and they were together for 10 years and
then my dad was lapd for 26 years he was
you know constantly working
so she raised me and amaya by herself
so it was me and lemai and my older
brother coburn and then
she adopted my younger sister
and she raised all of us by herself and
there were times where you know we had
this three bedroom house and we had one
extra room built on the back
and i look up and 18 people were living
with us because my mother would
literally
take in everybody and literally care for
everybody
and she really gave me that heart um but
she
is just an incredible person she's a
lover she's a giver she's given
every last thing that she can to my
sister and i to my sisters and i my
brother
and um
she's just my hero i just love her and
appreciate her and
no i wouldn't be here without her and
when i was a kid i asked her
me and my sister asked her
do you think you could quit your job and
maybe manage us so we could do this
full-time
and she did
and by the grace of god we were
successful at it but
she had to know in her heart and she had
to believe in us enough to say this is
going to work out because who in their
right mind quits their job it's like i
believe my kids can do this unless they
really have faith
and she did and i'm sitting here now
because of it
you put a quote up from martin luther
king jr that said faith is stepping on
the first step and you can't see the
rest of the staircase
how do you or maybe what did your mom
teach you about that like yeah what does
she say about taking that leap of faith
in that first step
um
it's interesting because
the way my life is framed is it is
literally that quote
just doing what i do every day it's a
faith walk it's a faith walk that i'm
going to do well it's a faith walk that
i'm going to have another job it's a
faith walk that i'm going to go in the
direction i want to go every time i get
off a movie or a tv show i have to have
faith that i'm going to get another job
i have to hope and pray and believe that
i am and so my mother just taught us
very young that
if you have the faith and if you do the
work that it'll happen
so one thing i know that you learned
early on and i love that it ties back to
your mom so your mom says you have to
have the faith and you have to do the
work yeah and you said you learned early
on from doing tv what work ethic really
is yeah talk to me about the power of
doing the work of work ethic why does it
matter
it doesn't you know it's interesting
sometimes it happens without it but i
don't think it sustains without it um
and what i learned is
you know it's like even with um
shazam
like i decided
two years prior that i wanted to be a
superhero i was like i want to be a
superhero i want that to happen
so i'm just going to start training for
it and so i started training i started
learning taekwondo i started learning um
capoeira and i just started training
with the trainer like five sometimes six
days a week for like two years straight
and
then it just happened you know and it
was interesting because i fully expected
it to happen but i think sometimes we
are more comfortable
hoping and praying than than when it
actually happens
and so i just learned very early that
for the things that i'm wanting and
believing
i just have to do everything possible
that's within my power and there's some
things that aren't within my power and
that's why i trust god but what is it
within my power it's
whether it's getting the proper sleep
rather it's learning your lines whether
it's researching the character rather
it's watching movies for reference
rather it's picking a subject matter and
a person to study or
working out or eating healthy or you
know whatever it is that you need that's
going to make you better at what you
want to do it's doing every single bit
of that that you can possibly do and
going above you know not just doing
just enough to get by but going above
and
and then after that it's like if it's
supposed to happen it will happen and
chances are if you do the work it likely
will happen talk to me about going above
this is an area for me that i think is
where all the juice happens yeah people
either
do enough as you say or they really go
above and beyond and the way that i
explain it to people is your job
whatever you're trying to be great at
your job is to leave other people in awe
and nothing else will do because that's
the nature of the human animal the only
thing that they're
um gonna remember is something that
really hits them and really leaves them
with that moment of like whoa
how has that served you and how do you
get to that level um
mental toughness
as my my trainer mike t would say you
know when we we first started working
out for the first year he would always
say there's going to be a point in time
where that mental toughness kicks in and
i didn't know what he meant
and what it meant was when you've done
everything that you can do and you
really
have put in the work there's another
gear that kicks in where
when you push yourself beyond what you
think is capable
you suddenly realize how capable you are
and you're able to just keep pushing and
cranking and something magic happens
it's like almost like in your brain
something happens that just takes you to
another level of what you thought was
even possible for you
whether it's physically emotionally
spiritually whatever it is there's
another gear that we can tap into when
we push ourselves
more than we think we can
and i don't mean push yourself and make
yourself get hurt but i mean just like
you know pushing past um
pushing past everything pushing past
your fears pushing past what you think
you're capable of pushing past
um what people say you can do
and i do think that is where the magic
happens and and i think that's when you
feel your strongest and you begin to
start to uncover
um
that there's more there than you even
realize
um and that's just the start that's just
when you start to uncover it you know do
you know david goggins no oh my god i
think he would love him to death so he
when he was born he said he believed
that he was the weakest man god ever
created wow and he was abused just the
abuse was crazy
and he grew up as the
um only african-american in a
neighborhood entirely of white people
and they were like
like 20 miles or something from one of
the
major
chapters of the kkk so he grows up
they're spray-painting horrific stuff on
his car and his binders everything and
just realizes nobody's coming to save me
and he says one day he just decided he
was going to become the toughest man
alive and so he ends up doing the most
ridiculous training ever he goes through
his only person to make it through four
different elite
special ops training so he does delta
force
he does seal training he does buds um
hell week three times gets through it
twice which is crazy
air force rangers and
just like transforms himself body and
mind and he said in all of that and
being pushed like that well past his
comfort zone like you're talking about
he clicks into that point where he
realizes exactly what you were saying
that you're capable of so much more than
you think yeah and so he said when
you're like broken you can't go another
step yeah so you're only 40 of the way
to your actual capacity right
like that always gave me the chills and
it's just that most people don't end up
ever
pushing themselves like that right so
how do you
get yourself psyched enough because to
tap into that zone that you're talking
about like your body your mind is
screaming yeah stop yeah go in the
opposite direction yeah so how do you
get yourself there well first of all
that just inspired me to go even further
to me it's just um
that there's got to be more you know and
i don't know how i necessarily tap into
it it's just i start to feel
that when my mind and my body is
screaming if i push just a little bit
further and then when i push further i
realize that i can push just a little
bit further and i just keep going as far
as i can and once i know that i can get
to this level the next opportunity i
have i start pushing past that next
level and
i don't know i guess it's
i don't want things to be the same i
want to continue to go to the next level
i don't ever want to get comfortable and
say this is good this is enough i want
to be
satisfied and thankful with this is good
this is enough but i don't want to get
comfortable in the sense of like i know
that i can access more and i again i
want to access everything that there is
for me to get until there's nothing left
you know dude i love that so much like
that is the driving force in my life is
to be at the same time to be like i love
my life i'm way grateful but it's me
versus me
and i want to see like how much more can
i do so when people ask me like what's
the purpose of life for me the answer is
very simple how much of my potential can
i turn into actual skills like how much
of this can i ring out where i'm i'm now
able to do something today that i wasn't
able to do yesterday because i was very
disciplined and i came and i showed up
every day and i pushed myself and i got
to the point where i didn't think i
could give any more and i pushed a
little more and then the next time i
come back and i'm like hey yeah remember
where you were and you didn't think you
could do any more and now you did a bit
more and that like continual push or
something about that i really respond to
people that have that hunger
and my question to all of them
is how do you stay hungry when you've
been as successful as you've been i mean
your your credits alone if all you do is
look at what you've done in the
entertainment industry which truly is
only a part of what you've done but even
if i just look at that it's already
insane you could rest and say well i've
done it i've had number one box office
hits i've acted with some of the biggest
names on the planet it's like you're a
part of franchises that are going to be
remembered so it's like how do you stay
hungry
i feel like i'm just starting i don't
know something about it i just feel
i feel like i've been doing it forever
and i feel like i'm just getting started
and i don't know
why i feel that way i just
am excited about what's next and i don't
think but i do think there is truth to
like you know we often think well if i
just accomplish this this that and the
other then you know that'll be good and
then you get there and i think everybody
pretty much always realizes is that once
you get there you're like oh man okay
well if i just accomplish this this is
that then i'll feel you know and i think
that
um sometimes it's an endless cycle in a
negative way for some people
because they think once they accomplish
those things they'll be happy and then
sometimes it's a positive cycle for
people because it's just about
continuing to elevate
for me i don't know i just feel like
there's so much i want to do that i
haven't done yet
and there's so many
um many different things to tap into
that i haven't even begun to scratch the
surface talk to me about what you're
doing now to push yourself the intruder
looks
awesome thank you dennis quaid super
exciting yeah he's awesome so how do you
keep pushing yourself to do something
new on screen to reinvent like what's
your process with creating a character
that's going to be unlike anything we've
seen you do before like so many actors
you can just sort of see them get stale
over a career but that hasn't been your
case
so how did you approach the intruder
like
how do you keep it fresh yeah um i try
to be conscious of that that everything
is different you know and sometimes
these are parts of yourself i mean
there's always a part of yourself in it
to some degree even if you get rid of
everything about you there's still parts
of you because it's how you download and
process and emote um but for me i try to
be conscious of making sure that every
single character is different
and sometimes that means picking case
studies you know people that i feel like
are similar to this person and looking
at the reasons not what they do but the
reasons why they do and then there's why
they do what they do and then what's
like the the
um deep-rooted thing that's below that
and just kind of discovering what that
is and then um
yeah i mean it's it varies for different
characters so sometimes it's something
that's inside of me that i completely
understand that i don't get to express
um and in this way i can express it
exactly how i'm feeling it without any
filter or any judgment it just is and
then other times it's someone that's so
different from me that i kind of don't
even know where to start and so i just
start to pick apart the the behavior and
what kind of person this is and what
they've been through and what is the
back story and then other times it's
case studies it's like wow this person
is very much like this person let's find
out what is kind of the science of
everything that she is and so
um
i just try to be conscious of finding
different things every single time and
by the grace of god there's been just
some great stuff i've got to do along
the way and
i think
for me the biggest thing is saying no
sometimes so what was it about the
intruder that drew you to this
particular project yeah i was excited
about this character because
i also loved her heart you know there
was something about her that to me was
something that about me that a lot of
people don't see unless you know me well
or unless we're talking like this but i
just have such a heart for human beings
i'm very
um
empathetic and and compassionate so when
i see someone else cry it makes me cry
and when i see you know someone on the
street it breaks my heart and when i
you know it's it could be anything and
so there there's so much of that inside
the character of annie where she just
she's not um 100 naive she's just the
type of person who wants to believe the
best and everyone it really gives people
the benefit of the doubt and probably to
a fault um but um yeah i just thought
it'd be a fun character to play that's
really cool speaking of something else
that you're fully in and involved with
tell me about your marriage
which
from the outside looks beyond
extraordinary what are some of the
tools and tactics that you guys use to
make your marriage as extraordinary as
it is
um
there's a lot of things and thank you um
literally just like thinking about it
makes me smile um
because
he is literally like
one of the best things that's ever
happened to me and when i say best
things like god being like the top best
thing so
um why is that exactly which part why is
he such a good thing in your life
um because he has brought a lot of
healing
i was already on kind of a road to
[Music]
healing and growth um at the time we
started dating and when we got together
because i had you know i didn't have
like a bunch of bad relationships or
anything but i had stuff from my dad not
being in the house i had stuff from past
relationships um i had been in a
relationship that was verbally abusive
and i just had stuff from the years
and so when i got into a relationship
with with devon it was very
i was very protective over my space over
my independence over
a lot of things and he really helped
break a lot of those walls down with
love and
one of the biggest things for me
the a common theme in my life rather it
was the neighborhood i grew up in rather
it's what i experienced in growing up as
an actress in the business as a black
actress as my father not being all these
different things
the common theme for me was that love
was very conditional if i do this then
i'm loved if i fit into this person's
box that i'm loved if i go about you
know
and um
i knew that that wasn't right and so i
didn't accept that however it hurt me
very much that
i could not get the love the way that i
wanted outside of my mother and sisters
and that was enough for me but in terms
of relationships i had resigned myself
to this is a very conditional thing
so if it works for me i'll do it if it
doesn't i won't
and in our relationship
it was
being accepted
for exactly who i am like i remember
when we first
started getting premarital counseling
and at the time i had been smoking for
like 11 years and so um i remember we
were in this pre pre-engagement
counseling
and we were talking talking talking one
of the things that came up was me
smoking and devon said well i you know
i'm not going to marry a smoker
and for me it was like
it like crushed my entire spirit because
i was like
i'm not enough
i am enough
but i'm not enough to him because i
smoke and so she asked me she said um
the therapist said you know how does
that make you feel and i said that made
me feel
like i'm not accepted like yet there was
another person in my life who was
telling me i'm not good enough because i
don't fit their standard when i know i'm
good enough
and i said and i
would rather not get married then not
because i don't want to quit smoking
which i don't want to quit smoking right
now but not because i don't want to quit
smoking but because i'm not going to
change who i am
in order to be loved you either love me
or you don't
and
we kind of left that in there and it was
very awkward and then me and him went to
dinner and it was awkward dinner
and he could just see like how much that
broke my spirit and he could see how
much it affected me
and instantly he was like i'm sorry that
i said that and i love you exactly the
way you are
and the day that we got married he said
if you never change anything about you i
will love you exactly the way you are
until the day i leave this earth
and that impacted me so greatly because
it was finally
you know finally somebody else gets that
i'm good enough
and um
and then after that i quit smoking like
two years later because
not because he wanted me to
but because i realized that smoking for
me was a way of being defiant smoking
for me was a way of saying you you know
um every time someone would come up to
me and say like oh you're too pretty to
smoke i'm just like what is too pretty
to smoke or like oh i can't believe
you're a smoker like i'd be like yeah
and then i practically like want to blow
the smoke in your face because i'd be so
aggravated um but that's like child
actor trauma stuff um but for me it was
a way of saying you guys aren't going to
tell me what to do anymore i'm going to
do what i want to do and anyone who
doesn't like it guess what oh well
and what i realized is that i was
actually really just hurting myself
and
and so when i quit smoking it was
because
it's time it's time to let go of like
something that i had held on to for so
long to be defiant because i didn't need
to be defiant anymore because that love
was pure and because i loved myself and
it's just a good good
i don't know really good thing and also
i want to be around have babies and be
healthy for as long as i can hopefully
tell you this earth so yeah i respect
that yeah it's really interesting
watching you guys you have an amazing
dynamic the fact that you wrote a
best-selling book about waiting right
celibacy
that was really really interesting and i
think that your whole notion around
healing and stuff is is really pretty
special um do you guys have any
particular um communication tools that
you use to make sure that you're talking
sounds like you guys use therapy even
before you got married oh yeah very
powerful i don't know yeah you've
continued that or oh yeah yeah i mean we
we try to
do it every once in a while for
maintenance to be proactive instead of
reactive
um we did four months of pre-engagement
counseling so that it wasn't um
like pre-marital counseling which is
like there's pressure now because you
know you're getting ready to get married
you get this thing has to work so it was
like before we even got engaged
let's sort through the stuff and there
was a lot of stuff on both ends um and
then now it's you know we do it for
maintenance and
um
the biggest thing is communication we
have those hard conversations that
sometimes
you know can be slightly brutal because
we will be so honest with each other but
if you aren't that honest with each
other then how can you expect the other
person to know and we never
assume that the other person knows how
we're feeling
even if it's like okay you're supposed
to know me almost better than anyone
else in the world you're married to me
you live with me every day
we don't make those assumptions and we
communicate we communicate rawly
and
yeah and then just like one of the
things i learned in the beginning was
never establish anything you can't live
with for the rest of your life you know
that was a big thing for me it's like i
want to go into marriage and i want to
be
fully myself and there's some things
that i do that he does differently or
some things i do these like you know if
i go if i go out to karaoke it's not his
favorite thing he might go once in a
while but that's not really his thing
but i had to establish that i am someone
who likes to go to karaoke often and i
am someone you know who'll have a glass
of wine or whatever it is that he
doesn't drink at all but it was like i
have to establish who i am out the gate
so that i can continue to be myself and
whatever growth that happens within me
happens within me but it happens because
it's between me and god versus trying to
be someone that someone wants me to be
or vice versa and so we kind of threw
that stuff out of the window where it's
like you be you and i'll be me we don't
always have to agree but let's have
mutual respect and let's have
unconditional love
that is some
really good advice and that whole
through line about
being yourself finding your voice and
having the courage to stand by it i
think is
extraordinary thank you
tell people where they can see the
intruder tell people where they can find
you online i think these would be very
amazing things for people um the
intruder will be in theaters on may 3rd
um and
all my social handles are at meghan good
um m-e-a-g-a-n-g-o-o-d
and
yeah that's fair and
yeah
i will speak very highly of your
instagram account which i think is
extraordinary thank you um so people
should definitely check that out thank
you what's the impact that you want to
have on the world
i want
to encourage
and inspire people
[Music]
to be
unapologetically who they were created
and
to follow what's in their
spirit
and to live up to their full potential
and
um
and i want them to be free you know i
really really want people to be free
and i work at being free every day um
but free
to just
live and be exactly who you're supposed
to be without any
fear
of anything except for
potentially not being that
it's a damn fine goal
guys
i don't know many people in the public
eye that have been able to find their
own voice and stick to it the way that
she has i think it's really
extraordinary if you haven't seen the
trailer for the intruder go check it out
it looks amazing not only does she look
awesome dennis quaid looks to be in rare
form i think this is one you're going to
want to watch so be sure to check that
out
megan thank you so much that was
extraordinary advice for people and
thank you so much for coming on the show
thank you for having me absolutely
pleasure
but it made me stronger there's nothing
i can't get through there's nothing i
can't overcome because regardless of
what people try to bring me down like
inside i found like oh cool i can i can
push through these people can't tell me
that i look gross and
and whatever i can't do this like no i'm
i'm going to push through